# Changelog

## v1.0.0
#### February 10, 2013

* Bumped version number to `v1.0.0`.
* Updated `CHANGELOG.md` (this file).
* Added [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) build tools.
* Removed `/harmonia/jquery.harmonia.min.js`.
* Moved `/harmonia/jquery.harmonia.js` to `/harmonia/build/jquery.harmonia.js`.
* Updated `index.html` to use new min file (the one generated by build process).
* Removed version numbers from file names.
* Updated jQuery version to latest in `/demo/index.html`.
* Updated license.
* Removed `TODO.html`.
* Updated `README.html` with docs and examples.
* Build a copy of the un-minified plugin, with banner, and put it here: `/harmonia/jquery.harmonia.js`.
	* Using `concat` for the copy and banner creation.
* JS changes:
	* Passing closure to pass-in `$, window, document, undefined`.
	* Updated code to handle `console` statements better.
	* Ditched the `constants` object.
	* Updated `if` statements to use curly braces.
	* Several other linting-related (minor) changes/tweaks. 

---

## v0.1.0
#### August 4, 2012

* Updated min file:
    * YUI Compressor 2.4.2 with `nomunge`, `preserveAllSemi`, `disableOpt` options.
    * Changed a few things in CSS.
    * Browser tests (see below).
    * Tweaked JS logic.

##### Browser tests:

* MAC Snow Leopard:
    * Firefox 14.0.x, Safari 5.1.x, Opera 12.00, Chrome 20.0.x
* PC Vista:
    * Firefox 3.6.x, Firefox 14.0.x, Chrome 20.0.x, Safari 5.1.x, Opera 12.00
    * IE 9.0.x, IE 8.0.x, IE 7.0.x
* PC XP:
    * IE 6.0.x (TBD)
* iPhone 4:
    * Safari 4.3 (simulated), Safari 5.1.1, Chrome 19.0.x, Opera Mini 7.0.x
* iPhone:
    * Safari 4.3 (simulated)
* iPad:
    * Safari 4.3 (simulated), Safari 5.1.1

#### August 3, 2012

* Initial public release.

---

## vX.X.X
#### Mmmmm [D]D, YYYY

* ...

---